# SecUtilsSwift

The Security framework and cryptographic functions available for iOS developers are IMHO obscure, bad documented, and thought to be used only inside iOS. Unfortunately, there is no easy way to integrate iOS in a general, heterogeneous cryptographic system due to the way the Security framework stores and retrieves the key information.

This Library makes it easier for a developer to import public keys from an external source (i.e: a backend or server, generated by OpenSSL) or exporting the generated public keys to a format readable to external sources (i.e: openSSL or PHP (i.e: openssl_get_publickey).

This library is based on CryptoExportImportManager class developed by Ignacio Nieto Carvajal (http://digitalleaves.com)

In addition, SecUtilsSwift gives a simple API to store passwords (secret data like token, ...etc) 

Furthermore, it is possible to generate keys, encrypt and descrypt with AES 256 symetric algorithm. 
This library offers an api to generate RSA2048 keys, encrypt and decrypt by this algorithm. 

The couple RSA2048 and AES265 makes more secure the data communicated between web server and iOS application.
I can mention the example of securing the payload in Push Notification. 
For more details :
https://www.pushwoosh.com/secure-pushes/ and 
https://medium.com/engineering-at-tink/encrypted-notifications-on-ios-9a87d8765e1d

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
